Iteration 1
Name  Median_G_Score
     aoi             0.0
    emma             0.0
 galleon             0.0
  hsqldb             0.0
   itext             0.0
   jasml             0.0
jhotdraw             0.0
mvnforum             0.0
nekohtml             0.0
 sunflow             0.0
     wct             0.0
   xmojo             0.0

Iteration 2
Name  Median_G_Score
   itext             0.0
   jasml             0.0
jhotdraw             0.0
mvnforum             0.0
nekohtml             0.0
 sunflow             0.0
     wct             0.0
   xmojo             0.0

Iteration 3
Name  Median_G_Score
jhotdraw             0.0
mvnforum             0.0
nekohtml             0.0
 sunflow             0.0
     wct             0.0
   xmojo             0.0

Iteration 4
Name  Median_G_Score
nekohtml             0.0
 sunflow             0.0
     wct             0.0
   xmojo             0.0

Iteration 5
Name  Median_G_Score
    wct            28.5
sunflow            27.0
  xmojo             0.0

Iteration 6
Name  Median_G_Score
sunflow            50.0
    wct             0.0

Iteration 7
Name  Median_G_Score
sunflow            50.0
    wct             0.0

Iteration 8
Name  Median_G_Score
sunflow             0.0
    wct             0.0

Iteration 9
Name  Median_G_Score
sunflow             0.0
    wct             0.0

Iteration 10
Name  Median_G_Score
sunflow            57.0
    wct             0.0

Iteration 11
Name  Median_G_Score
sunflow             0.0
    wct             0.0

Iteration 12
Name  Median_G_Score
    wct            44.0
sunflow             0.0

Iteration 13
Name  Median_G_Score
    wct            44.0
sunflow             0.0

Iteration 14
Name  Median_G_Score
sunflow            52.0
    wct             0.0

Iteration 15
Name  Median_G_Score
sunflow             0.0
    wct             0.0

